In this program we have three object files 'router', 'hosta', 'hostb'. 'hosta' is the sender which sends data to router. 'hostb' is the receiver which listens to router and acknowledge each and every packet. As name suggest 'router' is simulating 'Router' functionalities. In this protcol the router has designed in a dumb way. It is used only to forward message from one client to all the other clients. So, As this is acheived by using socket programming, Router is the server and hosta &
hostb are clients. In this case protocol has designed in a way that any packets from any client will be forwarded to rest all of the clients. We have created server socket in a way that it can be reused and multiple clients can be connected. In this case total number of clients which can be connected simultaneously are limited to 3 by varaiable 'max_clients'. To achieve time relativity of sending and receiving packets we have used select module with a certain timelimit in hosta (which
is a sender) so any ack which are received in certain timelimit we resend the packets.

Following explain the procedure of executing 
three terminals needs to be opened and in one terminal 'router' needs to be triggered using cmd './router' and other two hosta and hostb needs to be triggered by using cmd './hosta' and './hostb' respectivly. Once router is triggered it will start listening for specified port .. In this case it is 5999 (Hardcoded). Once hosta is connected it will connect to 5999 and this information will be printed in router. Once connected .. Hosta will start sending packets to router and will
stuck at listening..for a timelimit of 4 sec and will resend it untill it gets ack from router (which in turn it receives from hostb). So, Once hostb is started router will forward the packet to hostb and hostb will acknowledge the packet. Once this ack is received in router it will forward to hosta.Then hosta will send next packet to router and router will forward to hostb, then hostb will ack this packet to router and router will forward to hosta. This process will be continued till it
sends Y packets.
